---
slug: first-blog-post
title: First Blog Post
authors:
  name: Gao Wei
  title: Docusaurus Core Team
  url: https://github.com/wgao19
  image_url: https://github.com/wgao19.png
tags: [hola, docusaurus]
---


SEABaaS Documentation Template 
Docs Outline 
1. SEABaaS Overview 
Briefly describe SEABaaS and its purpose. 
Mention the target audience for this documentation (functional units, system administrators, business users). 

2. Product Features 
Provide a high-level overview of the core functionalities offered by SEABaaS (List of the Microservices on SEABaaS).
Describe the main components of the SEABaaS application (e.g., user interface, database, integration modules). 
Include a high-level system diagram to illustrate the interactions between components. 

3. Functionality 
3.1 Account Management 
Describe functionalities related to account creation, modification, and deletion. 
Explain account types, hierarchies, and associated features (e.g., minimum balance, overdraft protection)

3.2 Transactions 
Detail the supported transaction types (e.g., deposits, withdrawals, transfers, payments). 
Explain transaction processing flow, including validation and authorization procedures. 

3.3 Customer Management 
Describe functionalities for customer onboarding, KYC compliance, and profile management. 
Explain user roles and access controls within the application. 


3.4 Reporting & Analytics 
Detail available reports for account statements, transaction history, and balances. 
Explain functionalities for generating custom reports and data analysis. 

4. System Administration 
4.1 Installation & Configuration 
Provide instructions for installing and configuring the SEABaaS application. 
Include prerequisites, dependencies, and system requirements. 

4.2 User Management 
Explain user creation, role assignment, and permission management processes. 
Describe security protocols and access control mechanisms. 

4.3 Data Backup & Recovery 
Explain procedures for backing up application data and system configuration. 
Describe disaster recovery processes in case of system failures. 

5. Integration 
Describe how the SEABaaS application integrates with external systems (e.g., payment gateways, credit bureaus). 
Describe how the SEABaaS application connects with different delivery channels (e.g., online banking, mobile banking, ATMs). 
Explain message formats and communication protocols used. 

6. Security 
Explain user authentication methods (e.g., passwords, multi-factor authentication). 
Describe access control mechanisms for restricting user actions based on roles. 
Explain data encryption methods used to protect sensitive customer information. 
Describe measures taken to prevent unauthorized access and data breaches. 
List potential error codes generated by the application and their corresponding explanations. 

8. Revision History 
Maintain a revision history to track changes made to the documentation over time. 


Developer Docs 

2. System Architecture 


2.2 Technology Stack 

List the programming languages, frameworks, and databases used to develop the application. 

 



SeaBaaS In-House Schedule
Date
Module
Trainer
Assignee
Status


Customer Management
Chibueze
Anita 
Completed


Chart of Accounts 
NK
Anita 
Completed


Branch Transaction
Chibueze
Anita 
In-progress


Branch Management
Taye
Hamza 




Loan Creation
Moji
Kola




Loan Management
Moji
Kola




Tax Management
Abas
Ejiro




Investment creation 
Annabel
Ejiro




Investment Management 
Anabelle
Kola




Currency
NK
Ejiro




Fiscal Period
Chibueze
Hamza




Audit
Nk
Hamza




User Access and Management


Ochuko




Charge 
Taye
Anita




Customer 360
Chibueze
Ochuko




Overview of SeaBaaS


Ochuko




Product Factory


Anita

























